 Hello all of our lovely readers and welcome to the 185th issue of NM Breaking news.
 I am your lead editoreditor Joe Curtus and today we will be going over this week's international news 
 This monday President John Davis has issued a full embargo on the republic of Serbia. Last week the tiny country has announced its plans to combat American hegemony in the region by forming a so called “neo continental system”, This system built with the support of Russia has many experts worried that this cold war can turn hot. Presidential candidate known by her online name of “Meowbah” has condemned this action by john in a statement saying “Meowism will bring peace to the world! Mr suit will not!”. Mr.Davis has declined to comment on a response.
 On tuesday the week was relatively quiet with the president visiting chinese president Jurchen Xuexiang. Negotiations over the ongoing China deal are nearing completion, with the agreement expected to be signed in the coming weeks. "With this deal signed america will be prosperous again" the president remarked in a statement. "I want to leave a mark on the world and I have many plans that I will put forth." When asked to elabrote John refused to comment
 On wednesday there was a health scare with the vice president Jill Soulstien falling down the presidential stairs. As of monday she is now out of the hospital and reporting to be in good health. Crtics claim she is not in good enough health to be vice president of this country. Her old age is sharp contrast to our 63 year old leader and it is starting to show.
 This thursday the president announced disaster relief to the state of north dakota. The economy also took a hit after more sanctions were announced in the afternoon. 
 This afternoon it was announced that The second presidential debate is slated for next Monday on the ninth. Meowbah, leader of the 'Meow for All' party will be facing off on a debate with John Davis the top issues concerning voters are economic concerns and international diplomacy. This week the The Dow Jones Index dropped by 2 points today as inflation rates stabilize from the great crash many experts expect us to enter an inflationary period over the next years. 